(rain pattering)
(Yushiro grunting)
[Yushiro] Sister...
Hang on!
I'm coming!
(soil squelching)
[Hiyori] What the hell?
Why are you standing out
here doodling in the dirt?
Shouldn't you be inside
getting things ready?
Oh, come on.
I was waiting for
you guys to get here.
And who says my doodling
isn't part of getting ready?
(Hiyori scoffing)
What about cat hag?
Where is she?
Yoruichi's already gone
ahead with the others.
Oh, boy, she's gonna love that.
I'm so gonna tell her-
-Anyway-
-You let me get away-
-Come inside-
-With calling her "cat hag."
-Hurry up.
-Hold it!
Why'd you let them go on ahead?
That wasn't the plan.
You were gonna wait for us so
we could all go up together.
[Kisuke] The
situation has changed.
Yeah, I'll say it's changed.
What if they end up dying
'cause you didn't
let us go with them?
Listen, if I find out you
just decided to go ahead
and send them off
because you wanted to delay
the enemy or something
and didn't care if they
got killed doing it-
What?
Are you saying...
Are you saying my
sister's already gone?
No way.
I finally heard from her
after I've been
waiting for so long,
and so, I went to
all the trouble
of going around gathering
up all this stuff
'cause I thought
it would help her.
I am truly sorry.
I had no other choice, but
to send Yoruichi on ahead
for the sake of the Seireitei.
Try to understand.
(air whooshes)
-Yes, sir.
-And, don't worry.
I'm sure all these
things you brought
will end up being
of great use to her.
Now, come on in.
Boy, I remember that.
That phrase.
How everything was for
the sake of the Seireitei.
I always hated that.
("STARS" by w.o.d.)
(singing in Japanese)
-("STARS" by w.o.d.)
-(singing in Japanese)
(cape rustles)
You will let me pass.
Ichibe Hyosube.
(smirk)
I've warned you many times
and yet you still speak
that name so lightly.
You've only got yourself to
blame if you lose your voice.
(tense music)
Not a very kingly king, is
he, running away like that?
Guess I'll just have to settle
for killing his successor.
Remind me, which one of
you is his successor?
(tense music)
(brush scrapes)
From this line right here-
(footsteps pattering)
-To here.
-(brush scrapes)
That's all the room I'll
need to take you down.
Well, that seems excessive.
I'm quite certain
that you will die
three steps short of
that, Ichibe Hyosube.
-(tense music)
-(brush scrapes)
I'm tired of having to tell you
not to throw that name
around so lightly.
-(air whooshes)
-(tense music)
(air whooshes)
Senri Tsutensho.
Let it get a good whack
at you and it can
send you flying
4,000 kilometers.
There, you see?
I warned you, didn't I?
I told you it wouldn't be my
fault if you lost your voice.
Here, take another few
thousand kilometers
to reflect on your actions.
-(air whooshes)
-(chior singing)
(neck squishes)
You fool.
I have the power to
give myself a voice.
Sankt Bogen!
(Ichibe gasps)
(tense music)
To shoot an arrow
through your own body
in order to arrest your fall
and bring yourself back up?
Good grief.
You say my name when
I tell you not to
and when I punish you
by slapping you down,
you come bouncing right back.
You may have grown old,
but you're still the same
little rascal you always were.
Very well, since I can't
seem to get through to you,
I have no choice
but to kill you.
(suspenseful music)
Okay, I'll wait while you two
decide who's gonna go first.
Makes no difference to me
which one of you it is.
-(cloak rustles)
-(baldric clunks)
(sword swishes)
(cloak rustles)
You will soon regret
your good fortune
at not having to
fight His Majesty.
Huh?
(tree crackles)
(branches ripping)
(suspenseful music)
I don't know what kind of
power it is you're using,
but no womb I created is going
to be so easily destroyed.
Woop!
Woo!
(Kirio blows seeds)
(tree crackles)
Okay, my turn.
(water whooshes)
Take this!
(water roaring)
The water's nice and warm.
It seems a waste of it
to take so quick a bath.
(metal clangs)
-(air whooshes)
-(hands thudding)
Well, maybe I'll
have a longer soak
after I've defeated you.
The best part about
bathing outdoors
is drying off in the sun.
Kinpika!
(dramatic music)
(weapons clanging)
Damn, my first time
on stage in years
and my own teammates go and
snatch all my opponents away.
Plus, Y.H.'s all
the way up there.
-(floor trembles)
-(Oh-Etsu grunts)
(Oh-Etsu groans)
We are not done here yet.
These wounds you gave me
weren't quite fatal enough.
Don't tell me your still kickin.
My problem is I just won't die.
That's why His Majesty
chose me to come up here.
It's a pretty shameful
ability, isn't it?
I really hate it.
Whenever I use this
ability of mine,
or even when I just
think about it,
a fatal feeling comes over me.
(Askin slurps)
My Schrift is "D."
The name of my power
is "The Death Dealing."
I can analyze any substance
and accurately determine
exactly what amount
of that substance
will result in a lethal dose,
and then adjust that
amount accordingly.
You can do what?
It's kind of hard to
understand, isn't it?
I didn't get it either at first,
but, hey, I wouldn't
worry about it.
You don't really
need to understand.
After all, you're going to
die in a few minutes anyway.
(Askin slurps)
(Oh-Etsu slumps)
At this moment, I'm changing
the lowest lethal dose
of the amount of
blood in your body.
(Askin slurps)
The same blood that allows
your body to function.
Now, the more of it
that flows through you,
the closer it will
bring you to death.
Yes, I know, it's
painful, isn't it?
But you can't do
anything about it.
It's that fatal feeling.
(Askin slurps)
I feel the same way.
(Oh-Etsu groans)
(air whooshes)
It must be difficult
collecting Reishi
to recharge yourself with
when it keeps getting
stolen by the womb.
(arrow beams)
(air whooshes)
Licht Regen.
(Senjumaru's arms clacking)
(arrows beaming)
(Senjumaru's arms rattling)
(arrows beam)
(Uryu gasps)
So soft and gentle.
-As gentle as a spring rain.
-(metal clanging)
Come on, fight back!
Or I'll split that
shield of yours in two!
You really think
you're capable of that?
Why don't you
decide for yourself?
Come on, you stopped it?
Well, in that case...
(Tenjiro scoffs)
(swords clanging)
(blood gushes)
(Jugram slumps)
You look all done in.
Underestimated me, didn't you?
I know it's the
way I talk and act.
I come off as just
some kind of flunky.
But, you know what?
I'm okay with that.
(creaks)
I mean, I'll be honest, it
used to bother me a lot,
but then I just convinced myself
it's actually one of
my greatest charms
and that made life
a whole lot easier.
Do I sound pessimistic?
Sorry, that's another
one of my fatal flaws.
-That was very informative.
-(sword clangs)
-Appreciate it.
-(blood gushes)
(Askin gasps)
-(air whooshes)
-(Askin gasps)
(cloth rustles)
I didn't understand
half of what you said
about that whole
lethal dose crap,
but what I do understand
is that having too much blood
right now will kill me, right?
Well, okay then.
In that case, all I have
to do is drain enough blood
till my body doesn't
think it's lethal anymore.
Oh, man.
Talk about reckless.
Yeah, well, the thing is,
it's not quite that simple.
Going off your
build and physique,
you weigh about 60
kilograms, right?
Yo, yo, you should
have been a doctor.
You're pretty close.
62 to be exact.
The approximate volume
of blood per kilogram
is 65.7 milliliters.
At 62 kilograms, that means
a little over four liters.
If you lose half of
that or two liters,
you'll die from loss of blood.
Except, there's one catch.
I adjusted your lethal
dose to be at 1.6 liters.
So, in other words,
you're either going to have
to bleed yourself to death
or do nothing and be
killed by your own blood.
I'm guessing that
right about now,
you're starting to
have a hard time
even knowing for sure whether
you're still on your feet.
Damn, you got me.
-I'm so screwed.
-(blood squirts)
What the heck am I gonna do?
Well, Tenjiro!
(Askin grunts)
Surprise!
Tenjiro's hot spring
drains out bad blood
and Spiritual Pressure.
(Tenjiro grunts)
Well, to be more accurate,
that's what the
white water does.
[Oh-Etsu] So, what does
the red water do, you ask?
It replaces lost blood
with completely new blood.
-(Askin gasps)
-(rock music)
I've been like
completely reborn.
Is that cool or what?
Yeah, extremely cool for you.
For me, maybe not so much.
I thought I'd finally won.
I guess I was the one who
underestimated his enemy.
That was a fatal mistake.
(blood gushes)
-(rock music)
-(spheres tinkling)
I certainly don't mind a
little rain every now and then.
I just don't like my clothes
getting wet, that's all.
(spheres tinkling)
(spheres whooshing)
-(rock music)
-(spheres whooshing)
(Uryu grunts)
(Senjumaru chuckles)
There, that'll show
them what you get
when you take on Squad Zero.
You're the last one, Osho!
We're just waiting on you.
(air whooshes)
I detect a certain change
in your expression.
Is that right?
You seem very pleased
with yourself.
I never thought your face
would take on such a
frighteningly, cheerful look
at the thought of killing me.
(suspenseful music)
Too bad your thoughts are more
frightening than your attack.
Why, because you blocked
it with your arm?
You see, my brush
doesn't sever flesh.
It severs names.
(Yhwach groans)
The name of your arms has
just been sliced in two.
As of now, all you've
got is a pair of "ar."
They feel heavier, don't they?
That's because their
strength has been cut in half
and so is their ability.
Your arms can only function
at half capacity now.
(Yhwach grunts)
Your sword swing has become
as soft as a gentle breeze.
And now your name as well.
(suspenseful music)
-(brush thwacks)
-(air whooshes)
-(Yhwach grunts)
-(suspenseful music)
-(Yhwach groans)
-(Yhwach slumps)
There.
You'll be known simply
as "Yhw" from now on.
The once-great Quincy leader
whose power has
been cut in half.
Tell me, how does it feel
to have been chopped in two?
Made half the man you once were
by the leader of those Soul
Reapers whom you hate so much?
(Giselle slurps)
(Giselle gasps)
[Bambi] Wait.
Gigi, don't take too much blood.
Please, Bambi don't
wanna die yet.
What are you talking about?
You are already dead, remember?
(Bambi thudding)
How many times do
I have to tell you?
So, just lie there, shut up,
and give me back my damn blood!
(body squishes)
(Giselle cries)
Oh, Bambi, Bambi, Bambi!
You're so.
You're so darn cute
when you're dead!
I love you.
I love you so much.
I love you, I love you,
and you're so cute.
-So, there you are.
-I love you, Bambi.
I can see that you
at least aren't dead.
Of course I'm not.
Hey, what happened to your face?
It's a mess.
You lose a fight or something?
It was PePe who did this to me.
Whoa, that's embarrassing.
Ah, shut up.
So, what happened to PePe?
Oh, I killed him.
He tasted like shit.
(Giselle retches)
What about Candy and Meni?
They got Candy.
PePe took control of Meni,
so I knocked her out.
I'm hoping they're
still alive, though.
We don't want our forces
getting diminished
before His Majesty
comes back down.
Do you really think
he'll come back?
(Liltotto scoffs)
Well, Y.H., it seems that
even a thousand years
wasn't long enough for you
to learn the meaning
of repentance.
But it doesn't matter now.
You're not on a
deadline anymore.
You shall have all
eternity to repent.
(Yhwach scoffs)
(adventure music)
Now raise them.
Silver emblems, ashen meadows,
circular path buried in light.
Eye of agate, tongue of gold,
and skull cup,
coffin of Adnyeus.
The object we raise
is your heart.
(power gushes)
(dramatic music)
(Uryu groans)
[Uryu] What is that?
[Yhwach] Auswählen.
-(dramatic music)
-(bell ringing)
(sword squishes)
[Soldat] What is that light?
-(lights beaming)
-(adventure music)
I don't like the look
of that. Let's go!
-(lights beaming)
-(dramatic music)
-(Liltotto grunts)
-What is that?
(wings shatter)
Damn it. My wings.
[Giselle] Is it taking
away our powers?
What the hell's going on?
(power gushes)
How curious.
It isn't their Reishi
that's being sucked up,
but the living power
of the very souls.
-(Meninas and Candice grunt)
-(footsteps pattering)
(Meninas and Candice gasp)
(Meninas and Candice scream)
(victims scream)
What is this?
What is going on, Your Majesty?
Why are you doing this to us?
Just what the hell
are we to you anyway?
My comrades.
(Bazz-B screams)
[Renji] I don't understand.
What's going on?
[Bazz-B] That's
what I wanna know.
Your majesty, is this
your way of doing things?
(dramatic music)
Don't worry, I won't die.
I won't die and leave
you all alone, Bambi!
I promise!
That's for damn sure.
I'm not gonna end like this.
Not like this!
[Both] There's no way in hell
you're leaving me to die here!
[Shunsui] Nanao.
Okikiba.
You won't mind if I
leave the barracks.
It's not the Seireitei
that's in danger.
It's the Royal Palace.
(power beams)
(power whooshes)
What the hell is happening?
(dramatic music)
[Ichibe] Stealing the
power of your own comrades.
How ruthless you are.
[Yhwach] That's what
comrades are for.
To revive us, to resurrect us,
and to help us move forward.
Okay, now what the
hell is going on?
Auswählen.
It collects the lives and
powers of unessential Quincies
and redistributes them to others
who can put them to better use.
Those that lose them, die.
Those that receive them,
come back to life with
even greater strength.
It's one of His
Majesty's powers.
The scales have been tipped,
and Squad Zero will be purged.
(amp buzzes)
("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
(singing in Japanese)
(rain pattering)
My, oh, my.
Nothing but devastation
everywhere you look.
If we ever do manage
to drive the enemy out,
will the structures
of the Seireitei
ever return to
the way they were?
What do you think, Jushiro?
If they're damaged,
we'll repair them.
If lost, we'll restore them.
I knew you'd say
something like that.
[Jushiro] It seems they allowed
the Royal Palace to be invaded.
So you noticed that, too.
The Kamikake was in
anticipation of that.
Hmm, good thinking.
It appears your
Kamikake was successful.
I'd say you're capable
of pushing yourself
to some degree now.
Oh, stop talking like a doctor.
All right, see you later.
You be careful.
Hold on.
Where are you going, Shunsui?
[Shunsui] Oh, I just
thought I'd go grab a drink.
[Senjumaru] A thread
falls through the clouds.
Pull and rattle...
A field of white cloth...
Bones woven within.
-("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
-(singing in Japanese)